
:Author: Jack Lloyd
:Date: 2009-01-20

Version 1.8.1, 2009-01-20
----------------------------------------

Fixed two memory leaks in the PKCS #8 key loading code.

Fixed a bug in the Unix entropy gathering code which caused Valgrind
to produce warnings about uninitialized data usage on at least some
32-bit Linux systems. This warning was in fact harmless to application
code: it seems on some systems, the stat structure contains padding
bytes which are not written to by the stat syscall. However, Botan's
usage of the stat buffer involves copying the entire binary
representation into a buffer which is used as part of a PRNG
seed. Thus the padding bytes not being written to is actually pretty
harmless, but, because the uninitialized bytes are fed into the PRNG
state, Valgrind taints both the PRNG's internal state as well as all
of the PRNG's output as depending on an uninitialized value. Since
this is quite undesirable, the stat buffer is zeroized with memset
before calling stat, so Valgrind knows that all bytes were
initialized.

Fixed a bug in the ``botan-config`` program that caused it to produce
bogus output on some systems. Previously it had assumed that the echo
command supported the -n option, however that is not true on (at
least) MacOS X and Solaris 10. Now the printf shell command is used
instead, which should work portably across most Unix/Unix-like systems
of interest.

Previously the API reference was licensed under the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike license. However this caused unnecessary
complications in terms of licensing of the overall distribution, so it
has been changed to the standard BSD license that the rest of the code
and documentation is distributed under.
